Add --force option (#60)
AdobeDocs/commerce-events: src/pages/events/commands.md

*  `type` specifies the origin of the event. Specify `observer` if the event is emitted by a Commerce observer, or specify `plugin` if the event is emitted by a plugin.
*  `event_name` identifies the event to subscribe. For example: `catalog_product_save_after`.

> Adobe Commerce does not send all event fields to your external application by default. Instead, you must use the `--field` option to specify which fields to transmit. To send all event fields, you must specify a separate `--field` option for each field. This practice keeps data transmission to a minimum and helps prevent accidentally sending sensitive information. If the Commerce event contains objects, use dotted notation to specify fields within an object. For example, For example, if your event contains a `stock_data` object, and you want to send its `product_id` and `qty` fields, you would specify the `--fields stock_data.product_id` and `--fields stock_data.qty` command options. [Commerce module development](./module-development.md) provides a detailed example of using files to register events.

Reviewer: The option is called `--fields`, in some places you added `--field`

> Adobe Commerce does not send all event fields to your external application by default. Instead, you must use the `--fields` option to specify which fields to transmit. To send all event fields, you must specify a separate `--fields` option for each field. This practice keeps data transmission to a minimum and helps prevent accidentally sending sensitive information. If the Commerce event contains objects, use dotted notation to specify fields within an object. For example, For example, if your event contains a `stock_data` object, and you want to send its `product_id` and `qty` fields, you would specify the `--fields stock_data.product_id` and `--fields stock_data.qty` command options. [Commerce module development](./module-development.md) provides a detailed example of using files to register events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adobe Commerce does not send all event fields to your external application by default. Instead, you must use the `--fields` option to specify which fields to transmit. To send all event fields, you must specify a separate `--fields` option for each field. This practice keeps data transmission to a minimum and helps prevent accidentally sending sensitive information. If the Commerce event contains objects, use dotted notation to specify fields within an object. For example, if your event contains a `stock_data` object, and you want to send its `product_id` and `qty` fields, you would specify the `--fields stock_data.product_id` and `--fields stock_data.qty` command options. [Commerce module development](./module-development.md) provides a detailed example of using files to register events.
```

`--fields=<field_name>` Required. An event field to transmit to the Adobe App Builder application. You can specify this option multiple times. Each instance can contain only one field name.

> `--force`, `-f` Forces the specified event to be subscribed, even if it hasn't been defined locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--force`, `-f` Forces subscription to the event, even if it hasn't been defined locally.
```
